whats up guys its cam I got a short
episode for you guys today unfortunately
the maintenance break cleared all my
replays so I only have one defense in
one attack so my 2 xored towers have
about three days left and I also got a
Tesla upgrading resources are slowly
coming in and all my upgrades are over
three mil but we're still making
progress i also got enough elek sir to
upgrade my drill and dark elixir
swelling quickly so i'm starting to work
on my hog riders now now that they are
more useful so i have one builder left
and i'm going to upgrade a cannon when i
get enough gold level 11 cost 3.2
million alright so let's take a look at
my defenses the second one from the top
I had someone from the Champion League
attack me these top two have level 40
heroes it's getting scary so guys my
defense is starting to lose a lot more
often now these guys are getting good
luckily as you guys saw I did win one
recently which really helped out a lot I
think it's these level 40 heroes that
really make a difference and II started
out by deploying her Galton's first
nothing unusual there next come to
witches wizards and heroes she is all
max troops and she's obviously a jammer
I wonder if anyone has non gem lover 40
heroes I doubt it but anyways the troops
is broke past the first wall and are
working their way to the center but tell
my friend of towers take out the king
and queen quickly Annie now uses our
free spell on the inferno tower and a
job spell to get over the second wall
oh no that's not looking good that a
bunch of witches and wizards in the
center along with the Queen was full
health now those range troops are going
to take out my town hall very quickly we
can only hope that she doesn't get
another star oh wait we already know I
just wanted to make it more dramatic so
that's going to wrap it up for this
attack and he gets away with one star
for only three trophies that's the one
thing that makes being up here so easy
tired players attack you for minimal
trophies all right so now it's time to
show you an attack that I'm not so proud
of I was doing so good then fan another
loss so let's take a look and see what
happens
so I chose to attack the space because
the motors wizards and expose we're all
in the center so they can take out the
barbs and archers pretty quickly so I
try to avoid them also the king and
queen are sleeping and they're right
next to build huts which is good if I
need more percentage with lightning and
I'm not going to give anything away but
I really hate that dragon right there so
I started luring the dragon to the top
and started attacking on the bottom
dragged in what are you doing drag in
stop yeah it should have waited a bit
longer but it's too late now I need to
keep attacking I really don't know why I
came up short in the end just doesn't
add up lots of buildings outside splash
towers in the center I deployed the
barbarians and archers the same way as
usual just doesn't make sense so as at
this point we're at twenty-two percent
and we've attacked two sides that's not
good because we should be at twenty-five
percent as we're starting to attack the
third side that way we're staying on
track to the fifty percent and now the
last of my troops are starting to die
off and we're only at thirty-four
percent my barbarians and archers alone
give me a total of thirty-nine percent
so we're not looking good we have for
lightning spells left and we have the
king and queen now I'm going to be using
linings to take out the one hit kill
buildings and for some reason those two
didn't quite get taken out so I'm going
to have to end up using another one and
there's also two builder huts over here
so I'm going to take those out with
another lightning spell next how to
choose between the water and the builder
side the motor actually counts as more
percent so I decided to take that out
after i take out this mortar we're going
to be at forty-eight percent so i just
need two more percent so that's going to
be two buildings that we need to take
out all I got left is the heroes and
there's still a dragon out there so we
got to be careful of the dragon
and try to take out two buildings as
fast as we can I probably should have
distracted the dragon with my barbarian
King but I actually decided to use it to
distract the defenses so my archer Queen
didn't get killed before she could take
out two buildings these intense moments
really require fast thinking and
sometimes there's just not enough time
to think Marsha queen is doing a great
job at taking out that Canyon and the
barbarian King is distracting and she's
starting to take out the gold line but
here comes a dragon now the archer queen
is gonna stop what she's doing and
attacked the dragon well a couple more
hits on that gold mine and we would have
been good and let me tell you I really
did rage after that alright guys so
that's gonna wrap it up for this video
I'm hoping to make it to 3,000 trophies
for the next one also I wanted to thank
all of you for all the positive feedback
that you guys have been giving me I
really appreciate it so that's it until
next time see you later